Fantastic Voyage: Prologue	Complete "Fantastic Voyage" and unlock all endings.		No	1.4	20
Archaic Lord of Lightning and Blitz	Witness the awesome meteorological power of Bennett's phenomenally bad luck.	Complete Ad Astra...	Yes	1.4	5
The Power of Luck	Activate the mechanisms and obtain the treasure without making any mistakes.	Successfully complete the mechanism puzzle in Expansive Eya.	Yes	1.4	5
Evil Is Banished	Complete "Signs of Evil" and unlock all endings.		No	1.4	20
Behold, Mine Evil-Espying Eye!	Correctly interpret all clues.	Completely interpret all clues in On The Evil Spirits' Trail.	Yes	1.4	5
Red Hot Chili Popsicles	Make a popsicle using the wrong recipe and provoke Chongyun's Pure-Yang spirit.	Make popsicles out of Jueyun Chili and Slime Condensate in A Curious Mix.	Yes	1.4	5
A Line That May Be Crossed	Complete "Wellspring of Healing" and unlock all endings.		No	1.4	20
An Idol's Last Line of Defense	Successfully persuade Albert and Barbara's other fans to leave.	Complete Albert is Amenable To Reason and persuade Barbara's fans to leave in The Cat's Tail's Specialty.	Yes	1.4	5
Mondstadt's Spiciest Surprise	Sample Barbara's Chilibrew.	Complete Home-Made Chilibrew.	Yes	1.4	5
A Maid of Strength and Virtue	Complete "Chivalric Training" and unlock all endings.		No	1.4	20
"...For I Am Duty Bound"	Help Noelle discover the source of her strength.	Complete Live Practice.	Yes	1.4	5
A World Known Only Unto Roses	Read Noelle's study notes.	Read Noelle's study notes after completing The Almighty Maid and Her Impossible Task.	Yes	1.4	5
Stress Relief	Complete "Knightly Exam Prep" and unlock all endings.		No	1.5	20
Invulnerable Maid-Knight	Listen to "A Knight's Journey Through Liyue" with Noelle.	Complete A Knight's Journey Through Liyue.	Yes	1.5	5
Mondstadt's Note-Taker General	Read Noelle's study notes.	Read Noelle's study notes at the end of Imperfect Examination.	Yes	1.5	5
Diona Special, Stirred, Not Shaken	Complete "The Cat and the Cocktail" and unlock all endings.		No	1.5	20
But There's a Catch...	Help Diona find a special base drink.	Complete The Shadow Over Dadaupa.	Yes	1.5	5
Kitten Queen	Bring all the cats back to The Cat's Tail.	Complete When the Cats Come Home.	Yes	1.5	5
Everyone's Happy	Complete "A Housekeeper's Daily Chores" and unlock all endings.		No	2.2	20
Housekeeper Extraordinaire	Complete the big cleanup within the time limit	Complete Small-Scale Changes.	Yes	2.2	5
From the Sea Never Returning	Learn of Inu Shoushou's story together with Thoma	Complete Those Who Can Never Return.	Yes	2.2	5
Taller by Half	Complete "Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu" and unlock all endings.		No	2.2	20
Mujina-Class Ninja	Obtain Sayu's highest rating during agility training.	Complete the challenge in Twinjutsu within 30 seconds.	Yes	2.2	5
Dish Effect: Mobility Decreased	You were unable to prevent Sayu's reckless consumption...	Complete Hard Work Pays Off.	Yes	2.2	5
General of Watatsumi	Complete "The Canine General's Special Operations" and unlock all endings.		No	2.3	20
Changing Times	Draw all fortune slips at the Grand Narukami Shrine.	Select all fortune slips in Praying for Fortune.	Yes	2.3	5
To Tell or Not to Tell, That Is the Question	Discover Ms. Hina's true identity at the Yae Publishing House.	Complete (Temporary) Secret-Keeper.	Yes	2.3	5
Honorary Crux Member	Complete "When the Crux Shines Bright" and unlock all endings.		No	2.3	20
Wine Unburdens	Take part in the Qingce banquet with Beidou.	Complete Honorary Villager.	Yes	2.3	5
Guyun Buyers' Club	Find out the truth behind the deal Beidou's making.	Complete A Strange Transaction.	Yes	2.3	5
Megrez's Companion Star	Complete "The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest" and unlock all endings.		No	2.4	20
You've Got to Have Reserves	Fish? The more the merrier, of course!	Collect four extra Plump Fish at the end of Open Resources, Thrifty Expenditure.	Yes	2.4	5
Overprotectiveness	A single stone births a thousand ripples. It seems like Ningguang's day off is not to be.	Complete Confrontation.	Yes	2.4	5
The Lingering Song	Complete "A Song That Knows Grace" and unlock all endings.		No	2.4	20
May This Moment Be Made to Last	Take a commemorative photo with Yun Jin.	Complete Commemorative Photo.	Yes	2.4	5
A Strict Master Trains a Talented Pupil	Complete the practice session without hitting a single blue scarecrow.	Complete Meticulous Performance without hitting a single blue scarecrow.	Yes	2.4	5
Arataki Gang Chief Advisor	Complete "The Gang's Daily Deeds" and unlock all endings.		No	2.7	20
One More Look!	Gaze upon the glory that is Kuki Shinobu in a shrine maiden outfit.	Complete The Day's Wages.	Yes	2.7	5
"Upstairs..."	Be dissuaded before alerting Kujou Sara and Kuki Shinobu.	Attempt to walk in the room at the second floor of Uyuu Restaurant after listening to Kujou Sara, Kuki Shinobu and Norika's conversation in Eavesdroppers.	Yes	2.7	5
You Thought We Were For Real, Eh?	Complete "Trap 'Em by Storm" and unlock all endings.		No	2.8	20
An Ideal Detective Am I	Correctly analyze the motives and the truth behind the crime the first time.	Answer every question without guessing incorrectly during Long-Sealed Mystery.	Yes	2.8	5
Sangonomiya Supplications	Ask Gorou whether Kokomi knows about the happenings on Watatsumi Island.	Talk to Gorou after questioning Todoroki at the end of The Missing Thing #Confrontation in Shikanoin Heizou's Hangout Event: Act I - Trap 'Em by Storm.	Yes	2.8	5
Optimal Solution	Complete "A Confounding Conundrum" and unlock all endings.		No	3.5	20
To You in a Hundred Years	Read all the letters sent to Faruzan.	Read the three letters on the ground during Wanderings of a Lonesome Shadow — Thoughts That Wandered For a Century.	Yes	3.5	5
Mechanics: From Beginner to...?	Guess correctly the smallest number of moves it will take to solve a seven-layer Pagoda Stack.		Yes	3.5	5
The Name Is Layla	Complete "Ever Silent Stars" and unlock all endings.		No	3.6	20
She's Already Tense	Help Layla finish her thesis without causing her further anxiety.	Complete Thesis Defense Practice with the lowest Layla's anxiety level possible.	Yes	3.6	5
Secret of Seelie and the Star-Lit Sky	Obtain the authentic letter of the Wisdom Seelie.	Obtain the "The Price to Pay and Its Returns" ending in One Final Step in Layla's Hangout Event: Act I - Ever Silent Stars.	Yes	3.6	5
Art and Life	Complete "The Pendulum of Weal and Woe" and unlock all endings.		No	3.7	20
School Days	Find the annotated books in the House of Daena.	Read all three books in the House of Daena before following Kaveh to Port Ormos during The First Ideal — The Temple of Wisdom.	Yes	3.7	5
An Architect's Romanticism	Chat about the future with Kaveh in the desert.	Complete The First Ideal.	No	3.7	5
Make Merry	Complete "Shenanigans and Sweet Wine" and unlock all endings.		No	3.8	20
Lucky Coin	Participate in the wager set up by Kaeya.	Complete Feathers Adrift in a Spring Breeze.	Yes	3.8	5
Shh... Listen!	Listen to the voice coming from the confinement room.	Interact with the Voice Behind the Door from the left inner-most door in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters during An Ordinary Day for the Knights of Favonius in An Ordinary Day for the Knights of Favonius.	Yes	3.8	5
