"Rulers of the Chizhang Mountains"	Defeat Local Legend, Rulers of the Chizhang Mountains.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
The Supreme Secret	Find the Guhua treasure.	Complete Shrouded Vale, Hidden Hero	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
True Mastery of Spear and Sword	Complete all the trials in Wangshan Hall.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
A Ruined Tale	Solve the mystery left behind by the ancestors.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
Good as New	Complete the restoration and reconstruction of six ruined areas.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
Break the Benighting	Destroy the seven sources of the miasma.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
To Touch the Face of Heaven	Use adeptal energy to temporarily break free from the earth's shackles.	Complete step 1 in Qiaoying of the Sacred Mountain	Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
A Mere Rock...	...Should nonetheless be placed with care.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
Tea I Am, Tea in a Cauldron	Help Uncle Luo repair the tea cauldron in Qiaoying Village.	Complete Threefold Expectations	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
When Comes Spring or Autumn?	Behold the ancient tree, returned to life.	Complete Silently the Butterfly Crosses the Valley	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
"What About Sliced Meat Now?"	Find the habitat of the Venerable Jadestone Turtle.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
Long Days in the Realm Within	Fill all the ancient teacups between Chenyu Vale's mountains and rivers.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
Cloud-Parting Carpfall	Enter the long-sealed Carp's Rest with Lingyuan.	Complete Chenyu's Blessings of Sunken Jade	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
Five Blades Return to Wangshan	Find all five "lost swords of Guhua."		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
"Wanna Learn? I'll Teach You!"	Defeat a special unofficial Guhua Clan disciple 3 times.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
The Mural Veil	Witness four murals.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
Breaking Iron and Stone	Help the Millelith investigate the Iron and Salt Gang's illegal trade activities.	Complete The Dealing Sands	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
Chenyu Vale Sights	Obtain a limited-edition "Our Chenyu Vale Trek" commemorative photo album.	Complete Our Chenyu Vale Trek	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
Xiangjun's Dreams	Discover the secret behind the Spiritscent Flower.	Complete The Roaming Abode	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
Swift Acceptance	You've learned quite a bit about raising Sumpter Beasts... But is this really useful?	Complete Chili Con Cloudy	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
Non-Hidden Backup Energy Source	Restart the ruin machine in Chenyu Vale.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
At the Construction of the Endless Wall	Find the items left behind by the Millelith.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
Up the Bishui	Hear of the beauty of the Bishui River from boat-songs.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
The Carp Leaps, Heaven's Gates Open	Witness the Golden Carp leap into the valley.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
Spirits Adrift, Alas, in Water	Discover the secret of the Jademouth.	Floating Jade, Treasure of Chenyu	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
"Jade, O Jade, Grant Me My Wish..."	Retrieve the final Votive Rainjade.	Complete Floating Jade, Treasure of Chenyu	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
As If Seen From Afar	Ascend to the heavens with the dreams of the past.	An Ancient Sacrifice of Sacred Brocade	Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
Ancient Shaman-Song	Witness the completion of the Rainjade Rite.	An Ancient Sacrifice of Sacred Brocade	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
The Secluded Path	Return to Carp's Rest.	Complete The Cloud-Padded Path to the Chiwang Repose	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
Secret Miracle	Discover the secret of the jade in Mt. Laixin.		Yes	Exploration	4.4	5
A Pulse of Ice and Wind	Search for the connection between Solitary Suanni and Cryo.	Freeze the Solitary Suanni and remove the Frozen aura using Shatter, Melt, Superconduct, Swirl, or Crystallize.	Yes	Boss	4.4	5
Who Tells You the Truth?	Help Guijarro find new inspiration...?	Complete Qiaoying, the Village of Many Tales	Yes	Quest	4.4	5
A Human Drama	Witness the story of the Leroy family.	Complete Leroy: Beautiful Friends	Yes	Quest	4.3	5
Tomorrow, and Tomorrow, and Tomorrow	Teach Pahsiv how to say goodbye.	Submit all 6 Foggy Forest Branches to Pahsiv.	Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Narzissenkreuz Notes: The Labyrinth	"What do you think of this world I have drawn for you?"	Submit all the Enigmatic Pages to the Book of Revealing.	Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
One Involved in the Matter	Learn the secrets of the Narzissenkreuz Ordo and defeat Jakob.	Complete Search in the Algae Sea.	Yes	Quest	4.2	5
An Immortal Emperor in a Mundane Universe	Defeat Narzissenkreuz.	Complete Waking from the Great Dream	Yes	Quest	4.2	5
Farewell, Mr. Eliphas	Defeat Eliphas.		Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Satisfactory Naval Force	Obtain treasure through a fierce hail of naval cannonry.		Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Space Force Cadet	Hit every shot!		Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
The Story Is Over, But...	"The adventure they call life still goes on."	Complete Happy Birthday	Yes	Quest	4.2	5
I Fear'd the Fury of My Wind	...Would Blight All Blossoms Fair and True.		Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
A Predictable Ending	You help the Fontaine Research Institute get back on track...?	Complete An Expected Lie	Yes	Quest	4.2	5
A World Yet to Be Disenchanted	Give Mysterious Xenochromatic Crystals to the helmsman of the "Rusty Rudder" 3 times.		Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
À la volonté du peuple	Obtain the promise of the Rainbow Rose.	Find all chests from the 8 scattered treasure maps around Morte Region.	Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Crow or Blackbird?	It's a Pelican!	Complete Questions and Answers	Yes	Quest	4.2	5
I Do Believe in Fairies	Help Penny resolve her inner turmoil.	Complete Free Verse	Yes	Quest	4.2	5
In the Language of Flowers, the Lumidouce Bell Means...?	You discover a flower in a corner that no one has paid any mind.	Pick up the Lumidouce Bell left by Talochard after completing Questions and Answers	Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Hope Is a Nice Word	Witness new life spring forth in a certain ruin.	Go back to "The Real Annapausis" after quests involving the location have ended.	Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Even Caesar Could Not Buy This From Me	Obtain the greatest artwork in this world.	Pick up A Painting Left For You	Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Chassanion	Defeat Local Legend: Chassanion.		Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Mageblade Corrouge	Defeat Local Legend: Mageblade Corrouge		Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Rocky Avildsen	Defeat Local Legend: Rocky Avildsen.		Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Liam	Defeat Local Legend: Liam.		Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Deianeira of Snezhevna	Defeat Local Legend: Deianeira of Snezhevna	Complete World Quest An Expected Lie for Deianeira to appear.	Yes	Exploration	4.2	5
Many-as-One	Stop the Hydro Tulpa from absorbing Half-Tulpas twice in one challenge.		Yes	Boss	4.2	5
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy	Enter the belly of the beast twice during a single challenge.		Yes	Boss	4.2	10
The Gulls Once Wept	Witness the Poisson disaster.	Complete Deluge of Wrathful Waters	Yes	Quest	4.2	5
The Stage of Fate	Lay a trap with your companions that will allow you to "judge a god."	Complete Hunters, Prophets	Yes	Quest	4.2	5
For a Better Tomorrow	People rebuild their home.	Talk to Charlotte in Archon Quest Finale in Chapter IV: Act V - Masquerade of the Guilty	Yes	Quest	4.2	5
Masquerade of the Guilty (Achievement)	Complete "Masquerade of the Guilty."	Complete Finale	Yes	Quest	4.2	10
Love is Destructive	Navia survives her encounter with Primordial Seawater	Complete Meeting Is Also Parting	Yes	Quest	4.2	5
Consumer Society	Buy as much as you like at the Rag and Bone Shop.	Buy all items at the Rag and Bone Shop.	Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
When the Clock Strikes Midnight	Discover Caterpillar's true identity.	Earned during An Eye for an Eye.	Yes	Quest	4.1	5
Non-Zero-Sum Game	Complete the Coupon Cafeteria satisfaction survey.	Complete Scenes from Life in Meropide: The Art of Negotiation.	Yes	Quest	4.1	5
The Superfluous Man's Account	Listen to Clynes's story.	Complete Scenes from Life in Meropide: Memories.	Yes	Quest	4.1	5
Les Quatre Coups	Complete the "Fruity Order" and Blanche's story.	Complete Villains	Yes	Quest	4.1	5
What Lies at the End of the Rainbow...?	Follow the light to where it ultimately leads.	Complete Treacherous Light of the Depths	Yes	Quest	4.1	5
Come on out, Mystery Ore! Grant my wish!	Gather all seven mysterious yellow-green ores.		Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
Not So Strait Is the Gate	Opened the door to a certain secret study.	Use Arkhium Lumenite to open the door to Bravais' Hidden Study.	No	Exploration	4.1	5
The Remains of the Day	Spent a lot of time cultivating aesthetics.		Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
The Calendar of the Future Is Longer Than the Diary of the Past	We all have a bright future ahead of us...	Read all six Cipher Letters	Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
Break the Time Zone	Pop the Thorny Cyst and purify the waters.		Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
The Forgotten Ream	Help Broglie retrieve and organize all the hydrological monitoring data.	Complete In Search of Lost Time	Yes	Quest	4.1	5
While Motors Sleep...	Discover the secret hidden within "Kuisel's Clockwork Workshop."	Complete Road to the Singularity	Yes	Quest	4.1	5
The Worst! Fontaine's Eight Evil Clockwork Knights!	Obtained the legacy of the "imperfect" clockwork meka.	Use the Energy Concentrating Components to unlock the cell in Kuisel's Clockwork Workshop and open the Luxurious Chest inside.	Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
"Automated Supercomputing Field Generator"	Defeat Local Legend: Automated Supercomputing Field Generator.		Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
Slam-Bang No-Holds Barred Meropide-Style Pankration	Guide Poiret and Genevieve to victory in the recreational Pankration tournament.	Complete Both Brains and Brawn.	Yes	Quest	4.1	5
Undocumented Feature	Trigger the hidden property of the machine when repairing the Initial Skill Sample No. 2.	Complete Fireworks Atop a Meka.	Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
Le Scaphandre et le Pufferfruit	Complete the advanced underwater training.		Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
"Luachra the Brilliant"	Defeat the local legend, Luachra the Brilliant.		Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
Mired in Red Tape	Complete the Fontaine Research Institute's "final review."	Obtained during Fontaine Research Institute, Stagnating in the Rubble	Yes	Quest	4.1	5
Solitary Report	Obtain Chronie's personally printed "special report."		Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
The Red Meanies' Revenge	Removed all the Red Meanies and Mini Meanies from Bravais' Press Works.		Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
The Final Fonta Sea	...a Font of Refreshment!	Use the Full Pankration Fonta Cup 1 time.	Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
"...What New Tide?"	Read all the fashion reading materials.	Interact with all notes in the New Tide Anthology	Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
A Perfect Yesterday	The day that has passed cannot stay...	Read the interactable Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering	Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
Thanks For Your Patronage!	Obtained a twice-lucky fortune slip.		Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
The Final Fonta Sea	...a Font of Refreshment!	Use the Full Pankration Fonta Cup 13 times.	Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
The Final Fonta Sea	...a Font of Refreshment!	Use the Full Pankration Fonta Cup 16 times.	Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
"Yseut"	Defeat Local Legend: Yseut.		Yes	Exploration	4.1	5
New Inspiration! New Products!	Help Heinry develop 3 new types of Fonta and try the "experimental drink" once.	Complete Time to Drink	Yes	Commission	4.1	5
Visitor to the "Aquarium"	After completing all of the paperwork, go to the Fortress of Meropide.	Complete A Tea Party Most Thorny.	No	Quest	4.1	5
A Vision in a Dream	See what Childe experienced from his perspective in a dream.	Complete Fortress of Meropide.	Yes	Quest	4.1	5
Fortress Corner Society's Rules	Investigated two of the "hidden rules" in the prison.	Complete The Proscribed, Hidden in Plain Sight	No	Quest	4.1	5
To the Stars Shining in the Depths	Complete "To the Stars Shining in the Depths."	Complete Lost in Deep Seas.	Yes	Quest	4.1	10
Le Déluge	Freminet recalls what happened to him...	Complete The Truth Shrouded in Shadow	No	Quest	4.1	5
The Secret of Blue Water	Learn the history and secrets of the Fortress of Meropide.	Complete Secret Keepers and Forbidden Zones	No	Quest	4.1	5
Out of the Aeons	Learn of Neuvillette's true identity.	Complete Calamitous Tread	No	Quest	4.1	5
Cataclysm's Quickening	Complete "Cataclysm's Quickening."	Complete A Moment's Respite	No	Quest	4.1	10
Angle Eraser	Suppress the Beastly Rift using the power of the crystals.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Core Cooling	Cause the roiling lake to become placid once more.	Complete Room Temperature, Please.	Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
The White Ship	"She's sailing on the sea of dreams..."	Complete The Lone Phantom Sail	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
Truly Mouthwatering!	Help Henri change his fate.	Pick up the Mouthwatering Roast Chicken after completing Still Mouthwatering!	Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Encyclopedia of Natural Philosophy	Use the glass wall and an indecipherable book to discover the gathering place of an old society.	Access the Narzissenkreuz Ordo	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
A Fontainian Message	Have a friendly chat with Virgil.	Complete A Fontainian Message	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
Nothing but a Hound Dog...	Help Mamere fix Seymour.	Fix Seymour in There Will Come Soft Rains	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
It's Fish, I Added Fish	Taste the wonderful "birthday cake" with the Melusine.	Complete Poissonous Cuisine	Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Welcome to Fontaine	Complete a cruise on the aquabus.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Sogno di Volare	Complete a flight with the Antoine Roger Aircraft.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Birth of the Modern Clock	Help Puca find a way to "use" the ore.	Complete Strange Stone Chronicle (Part 3)	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
Waterworld Future	Gaze upon the "water" beneath the "surface."		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Aesthetics of Ugliness	And thus does Fontaine take two steps further toward beauty.	Complete Good Stuff, but Terrible Taste - Continued	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
Like Tears in the Rain	Find the impostor amidst the Hunter's Rays.	Defeat the Underwater Survey Mek amidst the group of Hunter's Ray	Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Blubby, Chubby, Creative Evolution	Accompany the small Blubberbeast as it grows big and strong.	Complete The Blubberbeast's Affection.	Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
These Are a Few of My...	...Favorite Things.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
An Eye for an Eye	Take care of those annoying Bullet Barnacles!		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Do You Believe In Rapture?	Help build a Blubberbeast paradise.	Solve underwater puzzles with the assistance of Xenochromatic Blubberbeast to unlock a Luxurious Chest.	Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Hardships Experienced...	"To obtain the holy blade that might defeat the demon king, the knight broke into the ancient city, sealed using magic..."	Complete The Story of "the Princess" and "the Adventure Team"	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
And After That...	"The knight defeated the demon king, saving the imprisoned princess. Light has returned to the kingdom..."	Complete Ann's Story	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
A Study in Sable	Find a more... special subject of the Institute of Natural Philosophy's study.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea	Go with the flow...		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Song of the Ancients	Hear now the melody of ancient eons.	Complete Echoes of the Ancient World.	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
Ninianne of the Lake	Defeat the local legend, Ninianne of the Lake.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Vivianne of the Lake	Defeat the local legend, Vivianne of the Lake.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Fontaine Expects That Everyone Will Do Their Duty	An item, returned to its rightful owner...	Complete The Lone Phantom Sail & Kingdom Through the Looking-Glass	Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
In Search of Frittered Time	Reach Reputation Lv. 10 in Fontaine.		No	Exploration	4.0	20
Ocean Circuit Judge	Defeat the local legend, Ocean Circuit Judge.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Iron Viscount	Defeat the local legend, Iron Viscount.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Dobharcu, Lord of the Hidden	Defeat the local legend, Dobharcu, Lord of the Hidden.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Fading Veteran	Defeat the local legend, Fading Veteran.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Swords of the Gorge	Defeat the local legends, the Swords of the Gorge.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
The Fairy Knight Twins	Defeat the local legends, The Fairy Knight Twins.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
The White Path Between Two Rivers	Lose in the duel against the legendary Hunter's Ray...		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Cell, Splinter	Use Pneuma or Ousia attacks to interrupt the Breacher Primus's stress state.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Too Hot to Handle!	Constantly attempt to freeze Tainted Hydro Phantasms...	Freeze a Tainted Hydro Phantasm for 8 seconds in total.	Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Funerary Storm	Use a Pneuma attack to weaken the whirlwind Coppelia creates during the performance's climax.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Icebound Oath	Use an Ousia attack to remove the shield that Coppelius deploys during the performance's climax.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
The King Is Dead, Long Live the King!	Interrupt the Emperor of Fire and Iron's Searing Coronation.		Yes	Exploration	4.0	5
Office on the Avenue	Witness various miscellaneous matters in the Court of Fontaine.	Complete all 3 versions of Tales From the Court.	Yes	Commission	4.0	5
Not Your Average Joe	Brew a special blend of coffee.	Complete the special ingredient version of the commission Get a Drink at Least!	Yes	Commission	4.0	5
Aesthetic Critique	Listen to Depierris' theories regarding "aesthetics."	Complete Aesthetic Critique: Self-Critique	Yes	Commission	4.0	5
Second Childhood	Play with the kids, and witness their story.	Complete the Fontaine Commission Their Childhood: City Caper	Yes	Commission	4.0	5
A Sudden Squall	Witness Iaune's work travails.	Complete A Certain Stamp	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
Like Water Disappearing Into Water	Hear about the "prophecy" that has been circulating around Fontaine.		Yes	Quest	4.0	5
A Detective in Action	Investigate the truth of the incident as Lyney's "attorney."		Yes	Quest	4.0	5
A Twist of Great Magic	The Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale has delivered a verdict of not guilty.	Complete Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights	Yes	Quest	4.0	5
Prelude of Blancheur and Noirceur	Complete "Prelude of Blancheur and Noirceur."	Complete Prelude of Blancheur and Noirceur	Yes	Quest	4.0	10
Lennék én folyóvíz	Hear the Oceanid's call and connect with her consciousness.		Yes	Quest	4.0	5
Once Upon a Time in Fleuve Cendre	Learn about Navia's father at the Spina di Rosula's stronghold.		Yes	Quest	4.0	5
Tragedy Repeats Itself	Reveal the truth behind the "serial disappearances case."		Yes	Quest	4.0	5
As Light Rain Falls Without Reason	Complete "As Light Rain Falls Without Reason."	Complete As Light Rain Falls Without Reason	Yes	Quest	4.0	10
Where the Light Touches	Reach Vourukasha Oasis.	Complete The Splendorous Sky That Day	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
Like a Morning Sun Coming Out of Gloomy Mountains	Escort Mihir through her cleansing pilgrimage.	Complete Asipattravana Itihasa	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
The Tree on the Hill	Bring Rashnu back to the Vourukasha Oasis.	Complete Awakening's Real Sound	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
Beneath the Fog	Dispel the purple mist permeating Asipattravana Swamp.		Yes	Exploration	3.6	5
Hic Pulso	Retrieve all five Korybantes.	Earned during Awakening's Real Sound	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
Vyakarana of the Birds	Sorush has obtained the Twin-Horned Chaplet with Zurvan as her witness...	Earned during As the Khvarena's Light Shows	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
Behold My Righteous Strike!	Use the Ruin Cannon to destroy the Golem's core.	Earned during As the Khvarena's Light Shows: Nirodha	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
"...Abandon All Hope, Ye Who Enter Here."	Reach the end of the surface realms.	Locate the Gate of Everlasting Mourning Viewpoint, which becomes available during World Quest As the Khvarena's Light Shows in Series Khvarena of Good and Evil.	Yes	Exploration	3.6	5
Fabricator-General	Activate the large elevator in the underground ruin workshop.	Earned during As the Khvarena's Light Shows	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
Trial of Haft-Vádí	You now wield the power of the Great Songs of Khvarena.	Complete As the Khvarena's Light Shows	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
A Rope Over an Abyss	Complete the Rite of Chinvat and clear a path through the dark hollow.	Complete The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 1)	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
The Camel, the Lion, and the Child	Obtain all Spenta Hearts from the tarnished Defiled Chambers.	Earned during The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 2)	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
The Day of Tirgan	Upon cleansing the abyss of heaven above, the power of Khvarena and Amrita radiates across the land.	Earned during The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 2)	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
A Fascinating Journey	Complete "An Artist Adrift."		No	Quest	3.6	5
"This Mystery Is Solved!"	Complete "Monumental Study"		Yes	Quest	3.6	5
Homeward-Bound Spirits	Complete "Pale Fire."		Yes	Quest	3.6	5
The Sea of Fertility	All the ponds in the Vourukasha Oasis are now revitalized.	Complete The Flowing Spring of Life.	Yes	Exploration	3.6	5
The Brave Shall Not Falter	Pass all the trials set by Jarjar.	Complete Lightcall Resonance	Yes	Quest	3.6	5
Bifröst	Complete all the "Soul Bell" challenges.		Yes	Exploration	3.6	5
Seven Dish Dance	Complete all "Percussive Prancing Mushroom" challenges.		Yes	Exploration	3.6	5
Shining in the Mire	Use the power of Khvarena to destroy the Gray Crystals for the first time.	Use a Farrwick to dispel a Gray Crystal.	Yes	Exploration	3.6	5
When the Red Scarf Transforms Into a Bird in Flight...	Make your first flight with Sorush.	Activate the Sorush gadget.	Yes	Exploration	3.6	5
Soaring in the Skies of Sary-Ozek	Keep Sorush in flight for a while.	Keep Sorush in flight for 3 minutes.	Yes	Exploration	3.6	5
Whose Descendant Are You, and What's Your Name?	Call upon the power of Khvarena with Sorush for the first time.	Use the tap or hold skill of the Sorush gadget.	Yes	Exploration	3.6	5
Use the Force, Sorush	Launch Nirodha Fruits with Sorush's help to melt 15 crystals condensed from Amrita.		Yes	Exploration	3.6	5
When You Say Nothing at All	Destroy all Elemental Rings to paralyze the Iniquitous Baptist when it begins to channel its attack.		Yes	Boss	3.6	5
Principia Arithmetica	Help Garcia perfect his machine.		Yes	Commission	3.6	5
Star-Crossed Night	Recall memories related to your kin.	Complete "Destined Encounter."	Yes	Quest	3.5	5
The Sickness Unto Near-Death	Create the medicine that will bring hope.	Earned during "Fortune-Mocking Pedigree."	Yes	Quest	3.5	5
The Far Side of Fate	Witness the miracle granted by the "Sinner."	Complete "A Lamenter at Fate's End."	Yes	Quest	3.5	5
Caribert	Complete "Caribert."	Complete "Portended Fate."	Yes	Quest	3.5	10
"If They Had Known the Unseen..."	Liloupar frees herself of her contract with you, choosing to face her dark and distant destiny...	Complete Memories of Gurabad.	Yes	Quest	3.4	5
"It's Only an Eternity of Servitude!"	The Jinni Liloupar, who has slumbered for hundreds and thousands of years, enters into a pact with you.	Earned during The Temple Where Sand Flows Like Tears.	Yes	Quest	3.4	5
The Nameless City's Past	The murals within the temple of Gurabad speak of a glorious bygone age...	Complete The Murals of Gurabad by unlocking all the Mysterious Stone Slates.	Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
The Silent, Dreamless Paradise	This is the mausoleum of the Goddess of Flowers. This is the long and dreamless slumber of a god...	Earned during Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III.	Yes	Quest	3.4	5
"...For She Shall Surely Requite."	Will the evil-doers and their oracles have known of this day, when the avenger unleashes her righteous fury?	Complete For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies....	Yes	Quest	3.4	5
La Luna Rossa	Across this vast chessboard, what horrors have been enacted under the light of the blood-red moon?	Complete Chessboard of Safhe Shatranj.	Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
Flat Out	The blind Wenut crash across the desert, and yet even such reckless charges do sometimes yield results...	Break a Weathered Rock with a Wenut attack.	Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
"I Hate 'Em Myself!"	Be attacked by a Wenut for the first time.		Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
Genesis of the Rift	Discover the truth behind the destruction of the Eremite investigative expedition to Gurabad.	Collect six "Pathfinders' Log" pages.	Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
Didn't Even Need a Manual...	Revive Benben to its former state.	Complete Rejoice With Me, for What Was Lost Is Now Found	Yes	Quest	3.4	5
Hunter's Mercy	Let Tadhla the Falcon choose her own fate...	Complete The Fallen Falcon.	Yes	Quest	3.4	5
On a Magic Carpet Ride	This whole new world, this dazzling place I never knew!	Complete the Time Trial Challenge located near the Teleport Waypoint in Ashavan Realm next to the Desert of Hadramaveth.	Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
"Isn't Life Wondrous?"	The Wenut tunnel their palaces windingly, perhaps even intricately, since life always finds a way...	Open five destructible passages in the Wenut Tunnels.	Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
The Ancient Orchard and Spring	The terraced pools that once overflowed with spring water have now been filled with yellow sand...	Complete every Cascade Pool puzzle.	Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
In Her Full Glory...	The fuchsia Padisarahs bloom upon an empty throne, like the eternal smile of their mistress...	Complete Memories of Pairidaeza.	Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
"...Shew the Kingdoms Thy Shame."	Make the damaged chessboard re-emerge amidst the sands.	Earned during The Temple Where Sand Flows Like Tears.	Yes	Quest	3.4	5
From Soil You Are, and to the Sand You Shall Return...	Just like all who dwell in the desert...	Earned during The Temple Where Sand Flows Like Tears.	Yes	Quest	3.4	5
The Perfect Sandstorm	"We're heading straight into meteorological hell."		Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
The Loveless Tarantula	"I swear I'm gonna boil you down for axle grease!"	Earned during Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III.	Yes	Quest	3.4	5
Parvezravan Khwarrah	Bring all the Primal Obelisks in the Desert of Hadramaveth back to life.		Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
A Very Long Engagement	Though destinies may be sundered, the pact lives on in slumber...	Sit on each of the three chairs in The Orchard of Pairidaeza at the same time with 2 teammates in Co-Op Mode.	Yes	Exploration	3.4	5
He Who Controls the Spice...	Use the Windbite Bullets to perform Swirl reactions and bring the Setekh Wenut in its floating form down.	Destroy 2 Windbite Bullets in succession	Yes	Boss	3.4	5
A Lingering Fragrance	Witness Nermin's tale.	Complete Blooming Sands: Lasting Scent	Yes	Commission	3.3	5
Swordseeker	Witness the tale of Lan and the "Unseen Razor."	Complete the follow-up version of Where Is the Unseen Razor?.	Yes	Commission	3.3	5
To Walk The Horizon...?	Witness Sun Yu's tale.	Complete The Day the Sword Departs.	Yes	Commission	3.3	5
Mystery of Tatarasuna	Investigate the memories of Tatarasuna's past within Irminsul.	Earned during The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call.	Yes	Quest	3.3	5
Echoes of History	Discover the consequences that have resulted from The Balladeer entering Irminsul.	Complete A Dance of Destruction.	Yes	Quest	3.3	5
Parinama: Fox, Cat, Bird, and Monster	Solve Nahida's hidden riddle and discover The Balladeer's past.	Earned during The Kabukimono's Finale.	Yes	Quest	3.3	5
Me, Myself, But Not I	Defeat the Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom within the memory.	Complete The Kabukimono's Finale.	Yes	Quest	3.3	5
Inversion of Genesis	Complete "Inversion of Genesis."		Yes	Quest	3.3	10
The Marvelous Uses of Nitrogen Fixation	During one Dendro Hypostasis challenge, cause three Restorative Piths to be in an Activated state simultaneously.	Cause all three Restorative Piths to be in an activated state simultaneously.	Yes	Boss	3.2	5
Records of the Fall	Burn the Dendro Hypostasis' vine shell as it is performing a Plunging Attack.		Yes	Boss	3.2	5
It All Comes Tumbling Down	Use the Elemental Matrices to overload and paralyze Shouki no Kami.	Paralyze the Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom in Phase 1 by activating both Electro matrices.	Yes	Boss	3.2	10
Causality of Birth and Extinction	Even at the edge of obliteration, a comeback is still on the cards...	Die to the Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom's Setsuna Shoumetsu attack.	Yes	Boss	3.2	10
Eremitis ne credite	Help Cyno get Rahman and his crew into Sumeru.	Complete Through the Predawn Night.	Yes	Quest	3.2	5
Victory Road	Finish the preparations required to put that plan into action.	Complete As by a God's Side.	Yes	Quest	3.2	5
The Longest Day	Rescue a god on Jnagarbha Day.	Complete Jnagarbha Day.	Yes	Quest	3.2	5
...I'm Sorry, Sir, But You're Ineligible	Prevent the birth of the "forged god."	Earned during Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies.	Yes	Quest	3.2	5
Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises	Complete "Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises."		Yes	Quest	3.2	10
Close Encounters of the Which Kind?	An unusual "friend" has joined the archaeology team...	Earned during Lost in the Sands.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
Exploration in the Desert	The exploration in the desert has just begun.	Complete Lost in the Sands.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
Thinking Like a Vahumana Scholar	The ink bottle has a fearsome power.	Complete An Introduction to Indoor Archaeology.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
Fata Morgana	The way to the throne has finally been revealed.	Earned during Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
Create, Swap, Store, and Use	Even the key must first receive "acknowledgment."	Earned during The Secret of Al-Ahmar.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
The Amazing Pyramid	A small step towards hiding the truth.	Complete The Secret of Al-Ahmar.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
Walk Like King Deshret's People	Obtain permission to go through many doors.	Light up every sigil on the Scarlet Sand Slate.	Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
The Straight Path	Head to the hidden compartment at the top of the Mausoleum of King Deshret.	Earned during Dual Evidence.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
The Path To Enlightenment	No one knows how these great monuments were built or why they were lost to time.	Earned during Dual Evidence.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
Encore!	Stand before King Deshret again in Khaj-Nisut.	Return to the throne after completing Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand.	Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
Reclining on Top of the World	Complete Afratu's Dilemma.		Yes	Quest	3.1	10
What Does This Button Do?	As long as you miss, it isn't a big deal.	Operate the Ruin Golem.	Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
The Breakthrough	Are all machines from Khaenri'ah this strange?	Destroy the rocks using the Ruin Golem in the Valley of Dahri.	Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
What's the Password?	Open the mysterious gate of the Lamb-Devourer Rock.		Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
The End of the Corridor	Enter the most secret chamber at the bottom of the Mausoleum of King Deshret.	Complete The Dead End and the Glinting Architects.	Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
The King of Four Lands	Find and unlock the secrets of all Transparent Ruins in the desert.		Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
Scarlet Reign's Great Red Sand	Explore the three large Obelisks in the desert.		Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
Engraved	Beauty and hope are the tenderest remembrance of the dead.	Complete A Gifted Rose: Some People Never Fade Away.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
Before My Time	People don't want to mention his name, nor do they want to remember his words or deeds.	Complete Eleazar Hospital Notes.	Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
The Illusory City	Experience your first mirage in the desert.		Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
How Do You Write The Excavation Report?	Explore the ruins beneath the desert for the first time.		Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
Drifting in the Wind	Break the tumbleweed drifting in the desert.		Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
One Flew Over the Sick Men's Rest	There was one survivor who got away.	Complete Abbas' Escape.	Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
A Well-Trained Archaeologist	Bring all the Primal Obelisks in the Hypostyle Desert, Land of Upper Setekh, and Land of Lower Setekh back to life.		Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
Beyond the Shadow of Time	Touch every mysterious mural in the desert.		Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
Stop It, Mr. Robot!	Interrupt the charged attack of the Aeonblight Drake by attacking the core on its head.		Yes	Boss	3.1	5
Nanomachines, Son!	Defeat an activated Jadeplume Terrorshroom while it is unleashing a powerful skill...	Defeat the Jadeplume Terrorshroom while it is performing the Feather Spreading, Furious Charge, or Rapid Pecks attack.	Yes	Boss	3.1	5
Establishing a Beachhead	Witness the overclocking impact of the Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network	Allow the Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network to perform its Overclocked Attack.	Yes	Boss	3.1	5
The Invisible Hand	Defeat the Primal Construct without disabling its invisible state.		Yes	Exploration	3.1	5
Don't Blame the Mora!	Witness the Gourmet Supremos' adventures in Sumeru...	Complete Gourmet Supremos: Within Our Duties.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
One Step Too Far	Slip up in a race against Hilmi...	Lose to Hilmi in a race during Run, Hilmi, Run!	Yes	Commission	3.1	5
Doctor's Handwriting	Help Maruf make out the prescription correctly.	Give the correct instructions to Maruf during Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By.	Yes	Commission	3.1	5
The Soul Transposed	Share senses with Nahida through possession using Akasha.	Earned during Like a Triumphant Hero.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
Triumph of the Imagination	Be viewed as the savior of the world by the citizens controlled by Dottore.	Complete Like a Triumphant Hero.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
The God Gazes Back	Witness Scaramouche's past after being connected to the "divine consciousness."	Complete The Gaze From a Certain God.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
Dreams, Emptiness, Deception	Complete "Dreams, Emptiness, Deception."		Yes	Quest	3.1	10
Desert Raider	Find the ancient temple beneath the flowing desert.	Earned during Secret of the Scorching Desert.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
When the Dark Sun Passes	Understand the past through the final words of the priest of Deshret.	Earned during Secret of the Scorching Desert.	Yes	Quest	3.1	5
King Deshret and the Three Magi	Complete "King Deshret and the Three Magi."		Yes	Quest	3.1	10
Nature's Infinite Wit	Reach Reputation Lv. 10 in Sumeru.		No	Exploration	3.0	20
For Meritorious Service	Offer help to many Aranara in the forest.	Help all 64 unnamed Aranara and open all of Araminali's chests.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Portal of Marvels	Truly step into "the world of the Aranara"...	Earned during The World of Aranara.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
Perched Between Dream and Reality	Enter Vanarana in reality	Earned during The World of Aranara.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
Music of the Forest	You seem to have the potential to be a "song gatherer"...	Gather all of the Aranara's Songs.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
A Leisurely Journey	One should not miss out on the scenery along the way.	Complete the first ten entries of the Mysterious Clipboard.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Glittering Melody	...They will carry this melody for generation after generation.	Earned during Festival Utsava.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
The Tale of the Forest	Hear 5 tales of the forest from Aravinay.	Purchase all 5 weapon blueprints from Aravinay.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
A Once-Emerald Nursery	Enter the Vanarana of yesteryear.	Complete For Fruits, Seeds, and Trees.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
The End of Annihilation	Defeated Marana's Avatar, and then...	Complete For All Children Who Long for Life.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
Though to the Earth I May Return...	...My Dreams and Desires Shall Not Adjourn.	Approach the mural in Sand-Embraced Home after completing Aranyaka.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Ever an Outcast in the Forest	Now it's all settled.	Confront Trofin Snezhevich in The Bad Guy in Vimara Village.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Master Chef: Vanarana	Help Arapacati's brothers with their "Supreme Delicacies."	Complete A Delicacy for Nara.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
Open Sesame!	Use the secret code to enter the Fatui's hidden encampment	Complete The Foolish Fatuus.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
A Conversation with the Treasure Chest Owner	Find the Aranara's "Treasure Chest"	Complete Static Views, Part 2.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
Vamadha-Go-Round	Turn every Vamadha that holds a hidden treasure chest.	Open two chests inside Vamadha.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
In the Name of Anfortas	Visit the place where the heroes met their end.	Complete Cryptic Message in Sumeru.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Call of the Nameless City	Quiet the mysterious parchment.	Complete Oracle Parchment, for the End of Death.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Walking with Water and Wind	Complete "Until Vana is Healed."		Yes	Quest	3.0	5
...Let Me Fade With Memory	Complete "Vimana Agama."	Complete Vimana Agama: Dev Delver Chapter.	Yes	Quest	3.0	10
Now Let Time Resume	Complete Aradasha's unfinished business.	Clear all Stone Pillar Seals in Sumeru.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Please Play Safely	Play with the Aranara in the forest.	Play all 12 minigames with named Aranara scattered around Sumeru	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Eternal Sustenance	Go with Varsha to visit the Aranara nursery in real life.	Complete Giving Flowers.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
When the Dreams Bloom	Have the Viparyas bloom throughout the Aranara nursery.	Complete The Viparyas of Vanarana.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
A Walnut Tree Amidst the Gardens	Ask Khayyam about the lost memories.	Complete Khayyam's Final Words.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Sumeru Monster Ecology Survey	Complete your task of protecting those who dwell in the forests.	Complete A Short Encounter with a Rare Bird and Where Are the Fierce Creatures?	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
As the Lion Searched for Courage...	Find Arashakun's lost "courage."	Complete Courage is in the Heart	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
Summit of Wisdom	Reach the highest point in Sumeru City.		Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Explorer	Use Catalyze reactions to recover what should have been lost.	Apply Electro on Tri-Lakshana Creature to reveal certain hidden things.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
The Jasmines Whisper, the Pomegranates Are Glad	Complete "Agnihotra Sutra."	Complete The Final Chapter.	Yes	Quest	3.0	10
Swift as the Wind	Activate three wind currents in Mawtiyima Forest.		Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
The Rule of Three	Find three lost musical scores and obtain three Vasoma Fruits.	Complete The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path, The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout, and The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
The Bitter Fruit of Dreams	Use Kusava for the first time.	Successfully use the "Kusava" gadget during Agnihotra Sutra.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
The Rain Seeps Into the Soil	Complete "Varuna Gatha."	Complete A Prayer for Rain on the Fecund Land.	Yes	Quest	3.0	10
They Enter the Flow	Use your Kamera to capture the moment when the Varunastra starts up.	Use Photo Mode to take a picture of the Varunastra at 00:00 or 12:00.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Weather Control Activated	Control the Varuna Contraption to change the weather in Apam Woods.		Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Oh, Frabjous Day!	Find the secret treasure by following the clues in the chests.	Complete Buried Chests in Ashavan Realm.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Kara's Child	Drift freely in the forest.	Use a Four-Leaf Sigil.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
The Lengthy Reunion	Follow the Sumpter Beast that has lost its owner until it finishes its journey.	Complete Even Beasts Get Homesick.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
"I've Got It! I've Got It!"	Find and solve a series of riddles in Sumeru City.	Complete Drusus' Riddles.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Song of Night and Dawn	...We shall meet each other somewhere in the future.	Complete Marana's Last Struggle.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
"Han Always Shoots First..."	...So don't bring a knife to a gunfight.	Attack an Eremite Sword-Dancer with a projectile or lunging attack while he is taunting the player.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Opportunistic Gain	Watch the infighting between the Fungi.	Allow a Floating Hydro Fungus to trap a Fungus of a different type inside its bubble.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
"Get Over Here!"	Shoot down a flying Fungus.		Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
When Autumn and Dew Meet	Let the Electro Regisvine perform its charged electrical collision.		Yes	Boss	3.0	5
Three Strikes	Witness the three powerful abilities used by the activated Jadeplume Terrorshroom.	Activate the Jadeplume Terrorshroom with Electro, then witness its Feather Spreading, Furious Charge, and Rapid Pecks attacks.	Yes	Boss	3.0	5
Aha! What's on the Hook?	Fish some strange things up with Kayvan...	Complete Cost-Effective Hook.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
Kalimi's Fungus	Watch Hatim make a killing on the exchange!	Complete the Fortune version of Gold Devouring and Mora Gathering.	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
When Wealth Comes A-Knockin'	Give Hatim some Apple Cider.	Complete the Bargain-Hunting version of Gold Devouring and Mora Gathering.	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
Catch Me-ow if You Can!	Help Sareh find all the little cats.	Complete all three variations of Meow... Meow meow? Meow! Meow..	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
"It's My Job."	Help Hanbei pick more mushrooms.	Collect more than 5 fresh mushrooms during Attaché in Another Land.	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
Relaxation Therapy	Fulfill the 3 patients' wishes.	Complete each version of Doctor's Orders and do an additional favor to each patient.	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
Up by the Roots	Find and defeat the fleeing Whopperflower	Complete the Whopperflower version of When Flowers Bloom, then follow the Whopperflower and defeat it.	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
Date of Departure	Receive Alexandra's letter...	Obtain the Unsigned Note after completing The Price.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
The Sky is Vast; The Earth...	Help Farghani perform measurements.	Complete all 3 versions of To Measure the World!.	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
Answer Time	Witness Alrani's story in Sumeru.	Complete The Path of Papers.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
The Random Circumstances of a Rose's Blooming	Help Collei tend to her Sumeru Rose.	Complete For a Rose's Wellbeing.	Yes	Exploration	3.0	5
Where Have You Gone, My Dream?	Witness the tale of Javi and the "dream."	Complete For a Dream I Tarry.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
Non-Obligatory Request	Find all the items that Gulabgir made for his snakes.	Find all three items in Project Baby.	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
The Ship Has It	Help Rafiq test his ship's hull strength successfully.	Complete the version of Problem Conversion: Loading Capacity after giving Rafiq 5 planks during Problem Conversion: Theory Reliability.	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
What's the Matter?	Enjoy three of Jafar's dishes.	Complete all three versions of Eat and Learn.	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
Scholarly in Sumeru	Answer 6 different questions correctly.	Answer all 6 questions correctly in Akademiya Q&A.	Yes	Commission	3.0	5
Voice of Akasha	Hear the voice of divine wisdom.	Earned during The Trail of the God of Wisdom.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
The Merchant and the Gate of Knowledge	Meet Dori and purchase Canned Knowledge.	Complete Lost in Prosperity.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
The House of Canned Time	Use the Canned Knowledge to increase your combat strength.	Earned during Ever So Close.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark	Complete "Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark."		Yes	Quest	3.0	10
The Flavor of Déjà Vu	Pick the Sunsettia-flavored box of candy by yourself.	Earned during The Arrival of the Sabzeruz Festival.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
Even Paimon Wouldn't Eat That!	Eat a visibly terrible Coconut Charcoal Cake.	Earned during The Arrival of the Sabzeruz Festival.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
All Dreams Must End With an Awakening	Wake from the Sabzeruz samsara.	Earned during The End of the Sabzeruz Festival.	Yes	Quest	3.0	5
The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings	Complete "The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings."	Complete The End of the Sabzeruz Festival.	Yes	Quest	3.0	10
No Way Home	Break through the obstacles and meet up with Xiao in "Perilous Trail."	Earned during Danger All Around.	Yes	Quest	2.7	5
Layers of Fear	Escape the mysterious space at the very bottom of The Chasm successfully.	Earned during At Tunnel's End, Light.	Yes	Quest	2.7	5
Of Heart and Soul	Complete "Perilous Trail."	Complete At Tunnel's End, Light.	Yes	Quest	2.7	10
It's Yesterday Once More	Activate 10 tunes in the Serenitea Pot using the Euphonium Unbound furnishing series.	Collect and activate 10 Radiant Spincrystals.	No	Exploration	2.6	5
It's Yesterday Once More	Activate 30 tunes in the Serenitea Pot using the Euphonium Unbound furnishing series.	Collect and activate 30 Radiant Spincrystals.	No	Exploration	2.6	10
It's Yesterday Once More	Activate 60 tunes in the Serenitea Pot using the Euphonium Unbound furnishing series.	Collect and activate 60 Radiant Spincrystals.	No	Exploration	2.6	20
The Lost Valley	Unlock The Lost Valley.		Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
The Chasm Mining Records	Read all text fragments related to mining in The Chasm.	Complete Find The Chasm Mining Records.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
People of the Valley of Life	Find the shriveled seed and do not eat it rashly.	Complete Seed from the Valley of Life.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
CREDE TENEBRIS	Open the secret chamber in the ruins.	Complete Locked Gate in the Nameless Ruins.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
The Nine-Word Rumor	Find all the secret messages.	Complete Secret Messages in The Chasm.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
Den of Thieves	Find the Treasure Hoarder stash.	Complete Lumenspar in the Den of Thieves.	No	Exploration	2.6	5
Ding Ding Ding, We Have a Winner! Again!	Get three treasure chests and pass Old Chou's treasure hunt game.		Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
Of the Human Heart Many Essays Written	Complete all ecological surveys and gain the recommendation letter from Khedive.	Complete Paleontological Investigation in The Chasm, Mycological Investigation in The Chasm, and Hydrological Investigation in The Chasm.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
If Not Us, Then Who?	Collect the letters of the Fatui in The Chasm.	Complete Fatui Action Logs.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
Maintain Safety Distance	Use the Safe Blasting Mechanism 2156 to clear the path ahead.	Earned during The Heavenly Stone's Debris.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
Birth Pains of the Dark Fog	Defeat the thing that emerged from the dark fog.	Earned during Perils in the Dark.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
The Alchemistake	Rescue Clitopho.	Earned during Meeting New People... and Foiling Some Bandits.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
Valor's Afterglow	Where lies the true meaning of adventure?	Read Zhiqiong's Letter after completing Valor's Afterglow: The Faint Light Remembered.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
Not for Long-Term Consumption	Find Uncle He, the missing miner, in The Chasm.	Earned during The Missing Miner.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
The Mushroom That Asks Too Much	Complete Xamaran's commission in The Chasm.	Complete Dimming Mushroom's Call for Help.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
The Millelith Shall Never Be Moved	Collect all the offerings the Millelith left behind and obtain the treasure.	Complete The Millennial Mountains.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
Jack of No Trades	Get to know the story of Tang Wuchou, hero of the cliffs.	Complete A Cliff-Side Hero's Past.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
Well Done, Stierlitz!	Help Yanbo complete the Millelith's mission.	Complete Undetected Infiltration.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
Yet the Darkness Did Not Overcome It...	Use the Lumenstone's Blooming Light to clear the crystallized darkness on an Oozing Concretion for the first time.	Use the Lumenstone Adjuvant on an Oozing Concretion.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
"...Smells Like Asphalt."	Be brought down by the contaminants within the black mud for the first time.	Get any party member knocked out from Dark Mud.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
"All We Need Is Some Firewood and Some Vinegar..."	There is not just one secret path to the surface.	Find the passageway between the Underground Mines and The Chasm and open the door.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
The Tome of Taliesin	Obtain Taliesin's gift.	Complete Tell a Tale for Taliesin.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
Light Up the Dark	Send forth some light.	Interact with the Lumenlamp in The Chasm: Underground Mines.	Yes	Exploration	2.6	5
Overflowing Light	Destroy 2 Oozing Concretions with 1 Blooming Light during a battle against the Ruin Serpent.		Yes	Boss	2.6	5
When One Gazes Into the Abyss...	Though you are reunited with Dain, the Abyss is watching...	Complete In the Depths, an Unexpected Reunion.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
The Beautiful and Damned	Learn the secret behind the Black Serpent Knights and the hilichurls.	Complete The Grave of the Guarded.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
The Will to Live and the Depths of Lamentation	Defeat the Abyss Herald.	Complete Memories of Inteyvat.	Yes	Quest	2.6	5
May Glory Go With You	Complete "Requiem of the Echoing Depths"		Yes	Quest	2.6	10
Inugami's End	Destroy two Rifthound Skulls within a short time.	Destroy the skulls created by the Golden Wolflord when it creates a shield.	Yes	Boss	2.5	5
Hard Landing	Bring a climbing Bathysmal Vishap down.	Destroy a wall when one of the Coral Defenders is clinging onto it.	Yes	Boss	2.5	5
Impeccable Judgment	Only shoot down your real opponent...	Attack only the real Magatsu Mitake Narukami no Mikoto when it creates its own copies. The real one sends X-shaped slashes at the player.	Yes	Boss	2.5	5
Beware of Angry Dog	Defeat a roaring Rifthound.		Yes	Exploration	2.5	5
Basically Harmless	Defeat a Specter that has not accumulated any Fury.		Yes	Exploration	2.5	5
SHUUMATSU GAIDEN	Get caught up in the fight between the Shuumatsuban and the Fatui...	Complete Gendou Ringo's Strange Fortune Slips.	Yes	Exploration	2.4	5
N-Thousand Leagues Under the Sea	Enter Enkanomiya.	Complete The Still Water's Flow.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
Flowing Sunfire, Also Known as Marishi	Unlock the secret at the Sunfire Gate.	Earned during The Entrance to Tokoyo.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
Of Sun and Moon	Switch between Whitenight and Evernight once.	Earned during The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
"Extensive And Meticulous"	Receive the Jibashiri's acknowledgment.	Complete Yachimatahiko's Trial.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
"The Eel in Winter Sought"	Receive the Jibashiri's acknowledgment.	Complete Yachimatahime's Trial.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
"Unmatched Throughout Tokoyo"	Receive the Jibashiri's acknowledgment.	Complete Kunado's Trial.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
"Maybe Get Yourself a More Social Hobby..."	Complete Date's labyrinth challenge.	Earned during Date's Challenge.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
"If Tokoyo Ookami Knew of This..."	Return all the library books, and...	Complete Collection of Dragons and Snakes.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
"What Difference Does This Make?"	Sit at every single special spot.	Complete Reading Kabayama's Lanterns.	Yes	Exploration	2.4	5
The Children of God Shall Dance	Speak to all the Phaethon afterimages.	Complete Sunchildren Hide and Seek.	Yes	Exploration	2.4	5
Light and Dark, Dusk and Dawn	Head to the top of the Dainichi Mikoshi.	Earned during Hyperion's Dirge.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
Step Right Up!	Complete the archery challenge.	Complete Akashi's Archery Challenge.	Yes	Exploration	2.4	5
The Ill-Starred Legacy of Iwakura	Return the blade of the Iwakura Master.	Complete the final optional objective of Iwakura Art's Downfall.	Yes	Exploration	2.4	5
One Key for Each Lock	Find all the Key Sigils.	Collect all 59 Key Sigils found in Enkanomiya.	Yes	Exploration	2.4	10
"All is Well"	Help Wang Ping'an renovate Pervases' temple.	Complete Hereafter: Return to the Mountains.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
Anna's Adventures	Help Anna become an adventurer.	Complete Anna the Adventurer!.	Yes	Commission	2.4	5
Prelude to the Journey	A young man is about to embark on a long journey...	Complete The Little Pirate Goes Out to Sea.	Yes	Commission	2.4	5
Rise of the Jade Chamber	Complete the reconstruction of the Jade Chamber.	Earned during Where the Heart Finds Rest.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
Majesty of the Deep	Defeat Beisht, Avenger of the Vortex.	Earned during Where the Heart Finds Rest.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
A Former Dream	Witness the truth of the village's history.	Earned during Bygones Times Like Dust Passing.	Yes	Quest	2.4	5
The Crane Returns on the Wind	Complete "The Crane Returns on the Wind."		Yes	Quest	2.4	10
Zoo Tycoon	Use the Omni-Ubiquity Net item to capture 1 wild animal.		No	Exploration	2.3	5
Zoo Tycoon	Use the Omni-Ubiquity Net item to capture 30 wild animals.		No	Exploration	2.3	10
Zoo Tycoon	Use the Omni-Ubiquity Net item to capture 100 wild animals.		No	Exploration	2.3	20
"Not Flyin' Away This Time!"	Use the Omni-Ubiquity Net item to capture 1 Crystalfly.		Yes	Exploration	2.3	5
The Net Closes In	Use the Omni-Ubiquity Net item to capture 1 Finch.		Yes	Exploration	2.3	5
Traverse the Fog Door	Get used to Tsurumi Island's odd weather.	Earned during A Particularly Particular Author.	Yes	Quest	2.2	5
Nihil Sub Caligine Novum	Seems like you're back to square one...	Earned during Octave of the Maushiro.	Yes	Quest	2.2	5
White's Illusion	Encounter the illusions of the ancient past	Talk to any ghost on Tsurumi Island.	Yes	Exploration	2.2	5
"Lovely Sights, Further Than the Eye Can See"	Bid farewell to your boatman.	Complete "Boatman"'s Task.	Yes	Exploration	2.2	5
A Tale of Two Cities	Even Tsurumi Island seems to be built atop the wreckage of ancient ruins.	Complete Opening Old Memories.	Yes	Exploration	2.2	5
"My Life as an Adventurer"	Help Roald to complete his adventure diary.	Complete The Saga of Mr. Forgetful.	Yes	Quest	2.2	5
Light Up the Fog	Light up all the Stormstones on the Autake Plains.	Complete Lighting Chise's Path.	Yes	Exploration	2.2	5
"P—Paimon ate it..."	Have the Maushiro that you got go missing.	Complete A Particularly Particular Author.	Yes	Quest	2.2	5
Guessing Game	From an even more distant past to the present day...	Complete the Hidden Exploration Objective Tsurumi's Mountain Murals and complete the 3 torch puzzles in the underground of Shirikoro Peak.	Yes	Exploration	2.2	5
Thunderbird's Lineage	Complete all the statue challenges.	Complete 10 puzzles originating from Mysterious Carvings on Tsurumi Island.	Yes	Exploration	2.2	5
Seven Letters	Try to decipher the Ishine Script.	Complete Ishine Script Deciphering.	Yes	Exploration	2.2	5
Moshiri Kara	Unlock Moshiri Kara.		Yes	Exploration	2.2	5
Across the Misty River	You finally reach the far side of the Sea of Fog...	Earned during The Sun-Wheel and Mt. Kanna.	Yes	Quest	2.2	5
Is There But One Truth...?	Witness Ryuuji's tale.	Complete Bantan Sango Case File: Cleanup Work.	Yes	Commission	2.2	-
Editorial Opinion	Help Shigeru and Junkichi return to the right artist path.	Complete This Novel... Seems Familiar? and This Novel Seems... Problematic?	Yes	Commission	2.2	5
Tales of Monstrous Madness	Collect the entire "Toki Alley Tales" series.		No	Exploration	2.1	5
"That's What They Call a Getaway!"	Allow a struggling fish to get off the hook.		Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
"Oh, so That's How You Fish..."	Scare the fish away when casting your rod.		Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
As You Wish	Have your fortune told 5 times by Granny Komaki while obtaining an ideal result.	Complete Komaki's Spiritherb Fortune.	Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
A Mermaid's Tale	Help Kumi with her problem.	Complete Solitary Sea-Beast.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
A Distant Sea Shepherd's Treasure	Gain the most valued treasure of a great pirate from the ramblings of drunkards.	Complete Rinzou's Treasure.	Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
Long John Silver	Find all of Rinzou's buried treasure.	Check all marked spots during Rinzou's Treasure.	Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
Today, This Seal — Tomorrow, Watatsumi Island!	Break the seal over the Electro Archon's shrine.	Activate the four Electro Elemental Monuments around the rundown shrine on the eastmost islet of Watatsumi Island, in the order shown when interacting with the nearby Mysterious Pillar.	Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
Palace in a Pool	Unlock "Palace in a Pool"		Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
The Stranding of the Beagle	Explore Watatsumi Island, following in the footsteps of an unknown researcher.	Earned during Researcher's Notes.	Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
"I am a cat named Neko."	Meet Neko, the "Provisional Head Priestess of the Asase Shrine."	Earned during Seirai Stormchasers: Part I.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
Cat in the Clouds	Witness a "good thing" come lately together with Neko, the "Provisional Head Priestess of the Asase Shrine."	Complete Neko Is a Cat: A "Good Turn" Comes Late.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
A Cat's Gift	Feed the kittens on Seirai Island and gain their affection.	Complete The Cat's Affection.	Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
It Has to Be Treasure	"I already told you, it's just a picture!"	Complete Relics of Seirai.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
On the Other Side of Homesickness	Help Oda Tarou take four pictures of Seirai Island.	Complete Reminiscence of Seirai.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
This and That...	... Try connecting them?	Complete both Light-Up Tile Puzzles in "Seiraimaru."	Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
Davy Jones' Locker	Unlock all the mechanisms onboard the "Seiraimaru."		Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
Sea of Puzzles	Unlock one series of mechanisms on Seirai Island	Complete all 4 Light-Up Tile Puzzles around Seirai Island, does not count those inside "Seiraimaru"	Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
Great Amakumo Peak	Unlock the mechanism beneath Amakumo Peak	Navigate the underground ruins underneath Amakumo Peak and reach the room with the Electroculus.	Yes	Exploration	2.1	5
Dry Clean	Defeat the Hydro Hypostasis without destroying a single one of its Water Droplets (except when it is restoring HP.)		Yes	Boss	2.1	5
Bio-Oceanic Weapon	Be hit by a certain animal created by the Hydro Hypostasis...	Get hit by Hydro Hypostasis' "Dolphin Dive" attack.	Yes	Boss	2.1	5
Love and Non-Communication	Defeat a Thunder Manifestation without ever being locked onto.		Yes	Boss	2.1	5
Thunder Fall	Defeat a Thunder Manifestation while it is in flight.	Defeat Thunder Manifestation while it is performing its "Dive Bomb" attack.	Yes	Boss	2.1	5
Icy Rivers, Crimson Witch	Defeat Signora without destroying either her Hearts of Flame or Eyes of Frost.		Yes	Boss	2.1	10
Well, At Least It Ended	Hear Junkichi out as he puts his story together.	Complete Storytelling Method.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
Her and Her Cat	Follow Neko up Mt. Yougou to find "Hibiki"'s trail.	Complete The Narukami Trail.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
SWORDFISH II	Obtain the trust of the Swordfish II squad.	Earned during Sword, Fish, Resistance.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
Though Their Wishes Be Like Morning Dew...	Find the person behind the distribution of the Delusions.	Complete Delusion.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
Fantabulous Firework Fiesta	Set off fireworks to distract the guards.	Earned during Proof of Guilt.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
Duel Before the Throne	Emerge victorious in the duel before the throne.	Earned during Duel Before the Throne.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
Their Wishes	Bring all the wishes upon the Statue of the Omnipresent God to fruition.	Complete The Omnipresent God.	Yes	Quest	2.1	5
Omnipresence Over Mortals	Complete "Omnipresence Over Mortals."		Yes	Quest	2.1	10
Illustrious in Inazuma	Reach Reputation Lv. 10 in Inazuma.		Yes	Exploration	2.0	20
Yamada Go's Wooden Mallet	See through the illusions of the Tanuki several times.	Find 15 disguised Bake-Danukis.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
"Kujirai Art, Temari Jutsu"	Play a game of Temari with Kujirai.	After completing Temaria Game, unlock Temari in Co-op Mode by successfully completing three of Kid Kujirai's Temari challenges in one of his locations.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Temari for Life	Have another player join a game of Temari that you are hosting.		Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Paimon's Lucky Day!	Draw a "Great Fortune" fortune slip at the Grand Narukami Shrine.		Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Just My Luck...	Draw a "Great Misfortune" fortune slip at the Grand Narukami Shrine.		Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Underground... Overrated?	Sometimes, the real treasure is the things you learn along the way.	Earned during The Farmer's Treasure.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Iwakura Out	Witness the end of the Iwakura Clan.	Complete Iwakura Art's Downfall.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Who Let the Dogs Out	Set Toratarou free.	Toratarou can be found caged in the southeast corner of Jinren Island, and freed with a Metal Key.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
You Can't Help Your Feelings	Help Hiromi resolve his angst.	Complete Hiromi's Watch.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
They Shall Not Grow Old	Pay your respects to the deceased.	Complete Pay Your Respects.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Oh, the Humanity!	Witness the fate of the Samurai.	Complete the second part of Fate of a Fighter.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
A Hollow Soul	Find Washizu's lost possessions.	Complete Sinister Instruction.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Rise and Shrine	Find all the shrines on Yashiori Island.	Complete Shrines of Yashiori Island.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
...And I Would Walk 3,000 More	Find Chouji on Tatarasuna and Narukami Island.	Complete Chouji's Travels.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
A Doctor's Odyssey	Find out what happened to Yasumoto.	Complete Yasumoto's Last Notes.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Knock Knock	Disable the containment dome surrounding the Mikage Furnace.	Earned during Tatara Tales (Quest).	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Kannazuka Battle Plan	Defeat the revived Electro Hypostasis.	Earned during Sakura Arborism.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Why We Fight	Help Masanori return to his senses.	Complete Dreams of Sword Art.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Oowazamono	Defeat Masanori with ease.	Defeat Masanori within 30 seconds.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Second Blooming	Obtain Hanayama Kaoru's gift.	Complete Hanayama Kaoru's Flowery Plan.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Thank You, Come Again	Obtain the grand prize from Takashi's chests.	Obtain the Hamayumi diagram from Takashi's chests.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Shocking... Positively Shocking	Get struck down by Balethunder...		Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Jackpot	Use the Kamuijima Cannon to reveal a treasure trove.	Fire the southern-most cannon in the Kannazuka region towards the Shakkei Pavilion domain, with an elevation of 2 notches.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Blade of Tatara	Obtain the diagram of a certain weapon from the past.	Obtain the Katsuragikiri Nagamasa diagram from The Arsenal.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Rest in Peace	End the wrath of 10 deceased samurai.	Complete Put Them To Rest.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
If I Run Fast Enough...	Defeat a Maguu Kenki without being hit by its phantom's attacks.		Yes	Boss	2.0	10
In This Solemn Matter Let No One Interfere!	Defeat a Maguu Kenki without triggering its "Oushi no Omote" parry.		Yes	Boss	2.0	5
Fine, I'll Do It Myself	Defeat a Primo Geovishap without reflecting its Primordial Shower.		Yes	Boss	2.0	5
Burned Yourself, Did You?	Defeat a Pyro Hypostasis that has reignited twice.		Yes	Boss	2.0	5
Smells like Animal Spirit!	Defeat a Pyro Hypostasis after being hit by its mimetic 3-hit combo.		Yes	Boss	2.0	5
Core Breakthrough	Defeat a Perpetual Mechanical Array after paralyzing all 4 types of its Ruin Sentinels.		Yes	Boss	2.0	10
Could All Uninvolved Machinery Please Leave Immediately?	Defeat the Perpetual Mechanical Array without defeating any of its Ruin Sentinels.		Yes	Boss	2.0	10
Fight Fire With Fire	Defeat a Kairagi: Fiery Might while their weapon is infused with Pyro.		Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
Ride the Lightning	Defeat a Kairagi: Dancing Thunder while their weapon is infused with Electro.		Yes	Exploration	2.0	5
I Hear Thunder...	Be struck by the lightning called down by a Crackling Axe Mitachurl...	Be struck by a Crackling Axe Mitachurl's thunder attack.	Yes	Exploration	2.0	10
Hidden in Plain Sight	Help Sango and Ryuuji solve the case.	Complete Bantan Sango Case File: Case-Closing Time.	Yes	Commission	2.0	5
Liyue Ichiban	Heal Tang Wen with some delicious dishes.	Complete Absolutely Unique Delicacy.	Yes	Commission	2.0	5
Boom Shaka-Laka, More Boom-Shaka-Laka	Consult Xiangling regarding special cooking methods.	Find Xiangling during The Gourmet Supremos: Breakthrough Thinking.	Yes	Commission	2.0	5
Meal For Two	Help both Xudong and Kamei Munehisa make a dish once.	Let Xudong and Kamei Munehisa finish their dishes first once each in The Gourmet Supremos: Cook-Off. This does not require choosing both of their versions.	Yes	Commission	2.0	5
A Question of Diet	Help Parvaneh proofread all the recipes.	Answer all three questions correctly in The Gourmet Supremos: Foodie Quiz.	Yes	Commission	2.0	5
Samurice	Help Kamei Munehisa collect ingredients from the camps on either side.	Clear both of the camps in The Gourmet Supremos: Extreme Cookery.	Yes	Commission	2.0	5
"Sorry for the Trouble!"	Receive the complaint that Konda Densuke lodges in "Post-Sale Service."	Collect all 10 mushrooms during Post-Sale Service.	Yes	Commission	2.0	5
Samurai Gourmet	Witness Kamei Munehisa's induction into the Gourmet Supremos.	Complete The Gourmet Supremos: The Importance of Eating Well.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Hello...! Anyone in here...?	Discover a secret passageway in Ritou.	Start The Ritou Road by going through the passageway.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
You Should Start A Doushin Dojo	Help Asakura train 5 times.	Complete An Art to Be Honed and/or Ceaseless Training 5 times.	Yes	Commission	2.0	5
Guess Who?	Find out who Zhenyu really is.	Earned during Yae Publishing House's Invitation.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Through the Storm	Reach the Outsider Settlement.	Complete Setting Sail.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Hiiragi Sanjuuro	Escort the goods successfully and leave Ritou.	Complete Ritou Escape Plan.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
The Aspirations of All	Come into contact with the Statue of the Omnipresent God, the symbol of Eternity.	Earned during Three Wishes.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
The Princess Behind the Curtain	Officially make the acquaintance of the young lady of the Kamisato Clan.	Complete Three Wishes.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Omamori, Justice, Number One	Complete the "three small wishes."	Earned during A Flower Blooms in a Prison.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Jailhouse Fiesta	Rescue Masakatsu successfully.	Earned during A Flower Blooms in a Prison.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
To Brave the Lightning's Glow	Become the target of the Vision Hunt Decree.	Complete Amidst Stormy Judgment.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
Revolutionary Outlander	Successfully join the resistance.	Earned during In the Name of the Resistance.	Yes	Quest	2.0	5
The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia	Complete "The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia."		Yes	Quest	2.0	10
Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow	Complete "Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow."		Yes	Quest	2.0	10
Yo-Ho-Ho, and a Bottle of Dandelion Wine	Climb aboard your Waverider.		Yes	Exploration	1.6	5
Mighty and Illuminated Wave Rider	Continuously sail your Waverider for a certain period of time.		Yes	Exploration	1.6	5
Nice Boat!	Switch Waveriders with another player.		Yes	Exploration	1.6	5
...And Her Name Is the Mary Celeste	Suffer the destruction of your Waverider...		Yes	Exploration	1.6	5
Déjà Vu!	Continuously sail your Waverider at high speeds for a certain period of time.		Yes	Exploration	1.6	5
The Gathering Storm	Earn the chance to go to Inazuma on board the Alcor.	Earned during A Path Through the Storm.	Yes	Quest	1.6	5
Ready, Fight!	Earn your first victory in The Crux Clash.	Earned during The Crux Clash.	Yes	Quest	1.6	5
Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves	Complete "Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves."		Yes	Quest	1.6	10
Sternest of Souls	Defeat Azhdaha in all its forms.	Defeat Azhdaha in all 4 of its elemental combinations: Electro/Hydro, Cryo/Pyro, Cryo/Hydro, and Electro/Pyro.	Yes	Boss	1.5	20
"...A Single Night's Work"	Defeat a Cryo Hypostasis that is in a weakened state.		Yes	Boss	1.5	5
"Knee-Deep Snow..."	Defeat a Cryo Hypostasis that has revived three times.		Yes	Boss	1.5	5
...You could hear Paimon all along, couldn't you?	Even Paimon gets tired sometimes.	Adjust the dialogue volume in the audio settings until Paimon repeats herself four times.	Yes	Exploration	1.4	5
Force Field Erosion	Destroy the Electro Hypostasis' barrier.	Use Elemental Reactions to destroy the barrier created by the Electro Hypostasis.	Yes	Boss	1.4	5
The Bandit, the Lunatic, and the Pitch-Black Enigma	Uncover the Grand Thief's fate.	Earned during Involuntary Sacrifice.	Yes	Quest	1.4	5
Where Fate Comes to a Crossroads	Escape the eerie ruins.	Complete Involuntary Sacrifice.	Yes	Quest	1.4	5
Sneering at the Power of the Gods	Learn of the "Loom of Fate"...	Complete A Herald Without Adherents.	Yes	Quest	1.4	5
Silence, You Raving Lunatic	Defeat the Abyss Herald.	Earned during A Soul Set Apart.	Yes	Quest	1.4	5
We Will Be Reunited	Complete "We Will Be Reunited."		Yes	Quest	1.4	5
Transmutation Nuclide	Use the Parametric Transformer to complete one material transmutation.		No	Exploration	1.3	5
Penalty	There are places where one cannot simply dig Pyro Slimes out of the ground...	Make a Hilichurl Grenadier attempt to dig out a Pyro Slime in the water.	Yes	Exploration	1.3	5
"...Lizard-Spock"	Have one character get hit by all three parts of the rock-paper-scissors attack consecutively.		Yes	Boss	1.3	5
A House Ill-Founded	Cause the same Geo Hypostasis to fall three times by destroying the Basalt Column that it is on.		Yes	Boss	1.3	5
None Stand Secure	Force the Geo Hypostasis into its revival state without destroying any Basalt Columns.		Yes	Boss	1.3	5
Back With the Wind	Absorb at least 10 Elemental Orbs created by the Anemo Hypostasis in a single battle.		Yes	Boss	1.3	5
Core Meltdown	Destroy the Blazing Seed created by a Pyro Regisvine.		Yes	Boss	1.3	5
Knockout	Destroy a Cryo Regisvine's corolla weak point while it is performing its rotary spray attack.		Yes	Boss	1.3	5
"...Till Debt Do Us Part"	Defeat a Fatui Agent while they are in their stealth mode.		Yes	Exploration	1.3	5
"Melting... Away..."	Defeat a Cryo Cicin Mage while all her Cryo Cicins are currently active.		Yes	Exploration	1.3	5
And You Call Yourself One of the Four Winds	Defeat an Anemoboxer Vanguard after having triggered all of their Elemental Absorptions.	Combine a Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard's shield with Pyro, Hydro, Electro, and Cryo before defeating it.	Yes	Exploration	1.3	5
Touch and Go	Use a shield to counter a Geovishap's charging attack.		Yes	Exploration	1.3	5
Deflection!	Use a shield to counter a Primo Geovishap's Primordial Shower attack.	The shield cannot be Geo or a matching type to Primo Geovishap's element.	Yes	Boss	1.3	5
You Can Have Those Back!	Use a shield of a matching type (or a Geo shield) to counter a Geovishap's Primordial Shower attack and deal immense DMG.		Yes	Boss	1.3	5
Gears of Destiny	Complete Bough Keeper: Dainsleif.		Yes	Quest	1.3	5
The Bleak Midwinter	Succumb to Sheer Cold...	Get any party member knocked out from Sheer Cold.	Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
Priest, Princess, and Scribe	Claim the treasure of the Entombed City.	Complete Dragonspine's Last Trio.	Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
Prodigal Son's Return	Follow the path of one of the members of the long-lost investigation team to where they embarked on their journey home.	Complete Ragged Records.	Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
Snow-Stored History	Discover the fate of a long-lost investigation team that once explored Dragonspine.	Complete A Land Entombed.	Yes	Quest	1.2	5
Glacial Steel	Obtain an ancient weapon made of Starsilver.	Complete Dragonspine's Glacial Secret.	Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
Futile Endeavor	Discover the remains of many ruin machines.	Complete Cryptic Message in Dragonspine.	Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
Untellable Tale	Make an unexpected friend in an unexpected location.	Complete The Foxes' Affection.	Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
Towering Achievement	Reach the summit of Dragonspine.	Collect the Crimson Agate at the summit of Dragonspine.	Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
Winter Wonderland	Discover a Cryo Crystalfly beneath a snow pile.		Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
The Hunter Becomes the Hunted	Be defeated by The Great Snowboar King.	Get any party member knocked out by The Great Snowboar King.	Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
Chill Out!	Defeat The Great Snowboar King while the latter is in berserker mode.	Berserker mode is when his eyes glow red and have eye trails.	Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
Glutton for Goulash	Learn to make Goulash.	Obtained from Ah, Fresh Meat!.	Yes	Quest	1.2	5
Wrath of the Gods	Get struck by lightning.		Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
Sky High	Climb the Skyfrost Nail after it has been restored.	Collect the Crimson Agate at the top of the Skyfrost Nail after completing In the Mountains.	Yes	Exploration	1.2	5
"Dear Daddy..."	Hear Timmie's story.	Complete A Boy's Letter.	Yes	Commission	1.2	5
Friends the World Over	Meet all sorts of people during your adventure.	Achieve a total of 10,000 dialogue option interactions when speaking with NPCs.	Yes	Exploration	1.1	10
Megastar in Mondstadt	Reach Reputation Lv. 8 in Mondstadt.		No	Exploration	1.1	20
Legend in Liyue	Reach Reputation Lv. 8 in Liyue.		No	Exploration	1.1	20
QUEST CLEAR	Complete 10 Bounties.		No	Exploration	1.1	5
QUEST CLEAR	Complete 20 Bounties.		No	Exploration	1.1	10
QUEST CLEAR	Complete 30 Bounties.		No	Exploration	1.1	20
Hero-in-Training	Complete 10 Requests.		No	Exploration	1.1	5
Hero-in-Training	Complete 20 Requests.		No	Exploration	1.1	10
Hero-in-Training	Complete 30 Requests.		No	Exploration	1.1	20
QUEST FAILED	Lost track of a Bounty target.	Run out of time during a Bounty.	Yes	Exploration	1.1	5
"Take That, You Overblown Mist Flower!"	Defeat a Cryo Regisvine without destroying its corolla weak point.		Yes	Boss	1.1	10
"That Was Blooming Hot"	Defeat a Pyro Regisvine without destroying its corolla weak point.		Yes	Boss	1.1	10
Outlander Vs. Outlander	Defeat Childe without any party member being marked and then hit by his follow-up attack.		Yes	Boss	1.1	10
Icing on the Slime	Create a box of lovely, jubbly Sugar-Frosted Slimes.	Earned during Equilibrium.	Yes	Quest	1.1	5
Sky's the Limit	Reach Liyue's "mansion in the sky".	Earned during Equilibrium.	Yes	Quest	1.1	5
Lily Loves Music	Sing a song of Mondstadt to the Glaze Lilies...	Earned during Solitary Fragrance.	Yes	Quest	1.1	5
I'll Let You Off... This Time	Defeat Childe.	Complete Heart of Glaze.	Yes	Quest	1.1	5
Derailed	Defeat the Overlord of the Vortex.	Complete Turning Point.	Yes	Quest	1.1	5
Final Farewell	Take part in the Rite of Parting.	Complete The Fond Farewell.	Yes	Quest	1.1	5
A New Star Approaches	Complete "A New Star Approaches".		Yes	Quest	1.1	5
All's Well That Ends Well	Complete the quest "For Old Time's Sake."		Yes	Commission	1.1	5
Overlooking View	Reach the very top of Qingyun Peak.		No	Exploration	1.0	5
The Remains of the Gale	Reach the top of the tower in Stormterror's Lair.		No	Exploration	1.0	5
"Seeds of Stories, Brought by the Wind..."	Reach the nameless island northeast of Mondstadt.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Unswerving	Open the chest in the middle of the heart-shaped rock formation.	Requires two players (Co-Op) to stand in the heart for the chest to spawn.	Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Initiating Warp Drive!	Pass through the time tunnel in the skies of Cape Oath.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Beloved of the Anemo Archon	Take a seat in the hands of the God Statue in Mondstadt.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
The Best Sword in the Cemetery	Unlock the Tri-Seal of the Sword Cemetery.	Complete Break the Sword Cemetery Seal.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Hidden Palace of Guizang Formula	Follow in the footsteps of immortals, and unlock the Domain's door.	Unlock Hidden Palace of Guizang Formula.	Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Cecilia Garden	Return the Seelie to their rightful places and unlock the entrance to a Domain in Wolvendom.	Unlock Cecilia Garden.	Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula	Follow the Seelie and light the torches to unlock the entrance to a domain in Wuwang Hill.	Unlock Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula.	Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
"If you put your heart into it..."	Cook 1 suspicious-tasting dish.	Fail the cooking mini-game and produce a Suspicious-quality dish.	Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
"...Anyone can be a gourmet."	Cook 10 suspicious-tasting dishes.	Fail the cooking mini-game and produce a Suspicious-quality dish 10 times.	Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Boared to Death	Be defeated by a wild boar.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Golden Gliding License	Glide a long, long distance in one go.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	10
It's the Same As Having Wings	Glide continuously for over 80s.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	10
Quick As Lightning	Sprint continuously (or use an alternative sprint) for over 15s.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	10
Juggernaut	Crush all of a Geo Hypostasis' Rock Pillars of Revival before it can be revived.		Yes	Boss	1.0	10
The PRISM Program	Break all of an Electro Hypostasis' Revival Prisms before it can be revived.		Yes	Boss	1.0	10
"That's one big Crystalfly"	Absorb all of an Anemo Hypostasis' Wind Crystals before it can be revived.		Yes	Boss	1.0	10
"...Not indicative of final product"	Defeat an Anemo Hypostasis that has undergone 4 types of Elemental Conversions.	Combine an Anemo Hypostasis' tornadoes with four elements and defeat it.	Yes	Boss	1.0	10
The Bigger They Are...	Paralyze a Ruin Guard by attacking its weak point.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Through Pass	Knock a Pyro Slime out of the hands of a Hilichurl Grenadier.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Dolorous Stroke	Defeat an opponent by Shattering the ice they are trapped in.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Hilichurl Champion	Defeat a Stonehide Lawachurl before its Infused Form can expire.	Defeat a Stonehide Lawachurl while its Geo Armor is still active.	Yes	Exploration	1.0	10
Bon Appétit	Have 4 party members in the Full state at the same time.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	10
Purveyor of Punishment	Deal over 5,000 CRIT DMG.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Purveyor of Punishment	Deal over 20,000 CRIT DMG.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	10
Purveyor of Punishment	Deal over 50,000 CRIT DMG.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	20
Fantastic Four	Complete a Domain using 4 characters of the same Elemental Type.		Yes	Exploration	1.0	10
The End of the Beginning	Complete the Mondstadt Archon Quests.	Complete Ending Note.	Yes	Quest	1.0	20
The Outlander Who Caught the Wind	Complete "The Outlander Who Caught the Wind."		Yes	Quest	1.0	10
For a Tomorrow Without Tears	Complete "For a Tomorrow Without Tears."		Yes	Quest	1.0	10
Song of the Dragon and Freedom	Complete "Song of the Dragon and Freedom."		Yes	Quest	1.0	10
Let the Wind Lead	Obtain the power of Anemo.	Complete Unexpected Power.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
...Or a New Storm?	Banish the dragon attacking Mondstadt.	Earned during Dragon Storm.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Knighthood Excellence	Become an Honorary Knight of Favonius.	Complete Shadow Over Mondstadt.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Knights and Their Knotty Issues	Fail to borrow the Holy Relic... but learn of the Knights' dilemma.	Complete Wild Escape.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Winds Change Their Course	Be rescued by Dvalin.	Complete A Long Shot.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Of the Land Amidst Monoliths	Complete "Of the Land Amidst Monoliths"		Yes	Quest	1.0	10
Farewell, Archaic Lord	Complete "Farewell, Archaic Lord."		Yes	Quest	1.0	10
Outlandish Behavior	Be rescued by an outsider at the "tourist spot that locals don't go to."	Complete Rite of Descension.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Silly-Billy Churlish Ghoul	Agree to play with Dusky Ming.	Complete Wangshu.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
That Smells Divine	Figure out which perfume Rex Lapis is fond of.	Complete Three Poignant Perfumes.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
It's Bigger on the Inside	Clean Madame Ping's teapot.	Complete The Realm Within.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Ticked, Tacked, and Towed	Commission others to finish your work, unfettered by such things as Mora.	Complete Downtown.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Respecting Cultural Heritage	You failed to find the Cocogoat... but manage to repair a mechanism.	Earned during Guizhong.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
The Long Goodbye	Prepare everything necessary for the Rite of Parting.	Complete Guizhong.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Pirates! Argh!	Play a game of pirates with Little Lulu, Little Fei, and Little Meng.	Complete all 3 variations of Pirate Invasion, in Liyue Harbor!	No	Commission	1.0	5
A Nourishing Friendship	Complete "Fishing Jiangxue" and "Yanxiao's Dilemma."		No	Commission	1.0	5
Love Is All Around	In "Good Sign," help Zhihua find 5 signs that romance is coming his way.	See that Granny Shan has good business, leave the pigeons alone, leave the dogs alone, leave the cat and fish alone, and leave the leaves alone.	No	Commission	1.0	5
For the Love of Godwin	Finish "Whispers in the Wind" 5 times.		No	Commission	1.0	5
Level Up	Help Huai'an repair Wangshu Inn's broken bridge.	Complete the 2nd part of Stairway to Wangshu.	No	Commission	1.0	5
Beginner's Luck	Select the highest-value jade on your first try.	Can be earned during Diamond in the Rough...	Yes	Commission	1.0	5
Taking Responsibility for Your Actions	Apologize to Timmie.	Complete Sorry, Timmie!	Yes	Commission	1.0	5
Making Do	Only bring materials for a training dummy to Herman.	Destroy the dummy in The Limitations of an Adventurer.	Yes	Commission	1.0	5
Marvelous Medicine	Cure Anna's illness.	Complete Recuperating From a Severe Illness.	Yes	Commission	1.0	5
In the Name of Favonius	Witness Jilliana's tale.	Complete Vile's version of A Surprise Gift.	Yes	Commission	1.0	5
Scholarly Pretensions	Complete "The Lost Relic" and "A Little Raid."		Yes	Commission	1.0	5
Poet Vs. Paycheck	Complete So-called Work and receive Linling's poetry anthology.	Complete So-Called Work.	Yes	Commission	1.0	5
This Novel Is Amazing!	Steal a peek at Chang the Ninth's draft manuscript.	Take a peek at the book in This Novel Is Amazing!	No	Commission	1.0	5
Open to Interpretation	Ruin 4 signs of an imminent romance.	In Good Sign, attack the pigeons, scare away the dogs, collect the fish, and burn or blow away the leaves.	Yes	Commission	1.0	5
Get Your Own Emergency Food!	Consume the food during "Food Delivery"...?		Yes	Commission	1.0	5
Nothing to Lose But Time	Unlock the secrets of two sundials.	Complete Time and Wind.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Interview With a Bygone God	Hear the story of a bygone deity.	Complete Treasure Lost, Treasure Found.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Crouching Dragon, Hidden Chi	Learn about the tale of the Chi.	Complete The Chi of Yore.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Scourge of the Battlefield	Fetch a good price for a treasure found in an ancient ruin...	Complete Nine Pillars of Peace.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Shadow Over Luhua Pool	Help Vermeer get the scenery of his dreams.	Talk to Vermeer at the ruins after completing Luhua Landscape.	Yes	Exploration	1.0	5
Ready Player Zero	Play a simple game with Childish Jiang.	Complete A Little Game.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
Trees Should Blend Their Roots and Shade, for That Is Where the Home Is Made	Witness the story of Yuan Hong's household.	Complete The Tree who Stands Alone.	Yes	Quest	1.0	5
